drivers: interrupt_controller: changes in shared irq (#66427)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.6.rst

  * :dtcompatible:`ti,lmp90099`
  * :dtcompatible:`ti,lmp90100`

> * Interrupt_controller shared_irq public API function :c:func:`shared_irq_isr_register()`
>   has changed. The parameter ``isr_func`` function pointer's parameter has modified.
>   An addition irq_number parameter added to ``isr_func`` function pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The function signature of the ``isr_t`` callback function passed to the ``shared_irq`` interrupt controller driver API via :c:func:`shared_irq_isr_register()` has changed. The callback now takes an additional `irq_number` parameter. Out-of-tree users of this API will need to be updated.
```

Author: @henrikbrixandersen updated file as per your suggestion.
